docs: upjet v2 upgrade guide (#532)
crossplane/upjet: docs/configuring-a-resource.md

However, there are still information that requires some input configuration
which can be found by checking the Terraform documentation of the resource:

- [Changes in Upjet v2]
- [External name]
- [Cross Resource Referencing]
- [Additional Sensitive Fields and Custom Connection Details]
- [Late Initialization Behavior]
- [Overriding Terraform Resource Schema]
- [Initializers]

## Changes in Upjet v2

Providers generated by Upjet v2 includes both namespaced
and (legacy) cluster-scoped MRs for the same Terraform resource.
The provider implementation typically has two [config.Provider] objects involved, for namespaced and legacy cluster-scoped.

> The additional resource configurations must be applied to both [config.Provider] objects. Although not enforced, typically, provider repos separate additional resource configuration fornamespaced and cluster-scoped [config.Provider].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The additional resource configurations must be applied to both [config.Provider] objects. Although not enforced, typically, provider repos separate additional resource configuration for namespaced and cluster-scoped [config.Provider].
```
